Alertmanager: Add HPA config to jsonnet lib (#5194)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Jsonnet

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add per-container map for environment variables. #5181
> * [FEATURE] Alertmanager: Add horizontal pod autoscaler config, that can be enabled using `autoscaling_alertmanager_enabled: true`.

Reviewer: [nit] Features come before enhancements, add have PR number.

```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Alertmanager: Add horizontal pod autoscaler configuration, that can be enabled using `autoscaling_alertmanager_enabled: true`. #5194
* [ENHANCEMENT] Add per-container map for environment variables. #5181
```

Author: Changed.
